Warning. You are being attacked by an
autonomous drone. How many? Warning. We
don't know. We're still figuring that
out. Warning.
You are running out of time. Listen
closely. We will show you what to do to
increase your chances for survival for
as long as we reasonably can.
Don't worry yet. That's just the
surveillance drone. It goes ahead and
scouts an area to locate targets and
assess defenses.
It's technically harmless, but what
follows it isn't, and it's closing in on
your location.
Get to cover immediately.
Good thing that door was strong enough.
You bought yourself time. I will take
this chance to explain. Listen
carefully.
What you just encountered was a pair of
modified FPV drones. FPV or firsterson
view drones are cheap, lightweight, and
extremely fast. Reaching speeds of up to
140 km an hour, they are agile enough to
strike a variety of targets, including
static targets and moving vehicles. The
motors give off a characteristic screech
that sounds like this.
Typically piloted by drone operators
using VR goggles, they hunt and respond
based on a real-time video feed. FPV
drones are often deployed in a hunter
killer pair. Like a sniper team, one
drone is responsible for surveillance,
the other for pulling the trigger.
Surviving that first strike is
commendable. Good job. But your hiding
spot is compromised. Other drones are
incoming. You must move to a safe spot
now. Your only chance is getting to the
nearest city, somewhere that has a
military presence. Jammers,
anti-aircraft guns, missiles, bunkers.
But you need to survive long enough to
get there. Grab some gear, whatever you
have on hand. Ski goggles, a helmet, and
a thick leather jacket to shield you
from debris or shrapnel from drone
impacts. A small powder-based fire
extinguisher can at least cover sensors
or create a smoke screen. Done. Go. Get
into a vehicle and drive as fast as
possible. Wait, is that a chicken coupe?
Good. Destroy it and place it on top of
that car. If you can't stay concealed,
staying protected is the next best
thing. Get in. Damn, that was quick. The
drones above you are trailing a thin
strand up to 30 km worth of fiber optic
line. They must know that you are
heading for the city. These drones don't
rely on radio signals. They are
hardwired to the operator. Impossible to
jam, but they're louder, slower, and the
wire can get tangled. Head for the
forest.
That's one. And that's two. Ouch. Are
you alive? Good. You added a layer of
protection that one drone could not get
through. The car and chicken coupe cover
have bought you some time. For now,
warning, more drones are coming. The
closer you get to the city, the more
sophisticated the systems will be. They
are optimized to avoid human error.
Drive as fast and far as you can. We'll
take this time to explain.
In 2013, MIT engineering students
launched the Perdict system, a small,
lowcost UAV that can be deployed in
large numbers.
They launched 103 Perdict drones from
three FA18 Super Hornets.
[Music]
The drones operate with a distributed
brain, allowing them to change
conditions without centralized control.
The Pertix drones share data, have no
single leader, and reconfigure when
drones are added or removed.
By 2015, the Office of Naval Research
revealed a lowcost UAV swarming
technology, also known as Locust, a
tube-based launcher for releasing small
unmanned autonomous vehicles in rapid
succession.
[Music]
The Locust program was the precursor for
drone swarms.
In theory, hundreds of small autonomous
UAVs could cost less than a single
tactical aircraft while also being more
effective and robust. Unmanned systems
were force multipliers. One agent could,
in theory, control significantly more
assets in battle space. A swarm could
also coordinate.
They operate most commonly in waves.
[Music]
The surveillance wave gathers
information across large areas. This
involves mapping the environment,
identifying and location potential
targets, detecting enemy defense, and
providing persistent information for
commanders. To do this, the surveillance
wave uses coordinated search patterns.
These include, but are not limited to
random walks, creeping lines, expanding
squares,
grid-based,
and two-step search and survey.
By flying at layered altitudes, they
ensure coverage in both vertical and
horizontal space.
For persistent surveillance, they may
loiter in the surrounding perimeters
with drones cycling in and out in
pulses.
Once surveillance is gathered, the
second wave starts.
The key objective of this wave is to
destroy and suppress the enemy's
defense. Once defenses are overwhelmed,
the last wave begins, the strike wave.
Warning.
Speed up.
You're so close.
That looks painful. Can you run? You're
almost there.
Wow, I really thought you were a goner.
There must be a jammer close by. They
emit a powerful radio frequency signal
that severs critical inter drone
communication links,
overwhelming their GPS navigation across
a wide area. Some advanced systems even
use high power microwaves to disrupt the
electronic systems of multiple drones
simultaneously.
Time to get to that bunker quickly.
Do you hear that?
That low rumble is the AVIC Jaw Tan.
This 10-tonon Chinese mother ship is
designed to carry and deploy drone
swarms across vast distances. With a 25
m wingspan, it operates at altitudes of
15,000 m, far beyond the range of most
air defenses.
Its 7,000 km range means it can launch
from deep within enemy territory and
still reach its target. Each Jan carries
up to 100 smaller drones in internal
payload bays. When multiple mother ships
coordinate, they can cover thousands of
square kilometers simultaneously. The
sub drones share information instantly,
creating a connected network that adapts
to changing conditions. What makes this
system particularly effective is scale.
Individual counter measures become
irrelevant when facing hundreds of
coordinated drones. Standard survival
tactics no longer apply.
These narrow streets are providing good
cover. It's too late to get to the
bunker, but you have time to hunker down
in one of these buildings. Get in quick.
Drone swarms can achieve mass
destruction through the accumulation of
many smallcale attacks. They are a
fundamental shift in weapons technology.
[Music]
Modern wars are described as unmanned
hellscapes where an offensive swarm
campaign would meet a counterwarm of
drones.
At this point, no place is safer than
any other.
Any door you barricade is a door that
can be destroyed. Your survivability
depends on one thing. Who is sending the
attack?
When a human controls a drone, there are
inherent limitations.
Reaction time averages 200 to 300
milliseconds for complex decisions.
Fatigue degrades performance after
extended operations. Moral hesitation
can delay or prevent engagement. A human
pilot might miss a target due to stress
or poor visibility, might choose not to
fire on ambiguous targets, might make
tactical errors under pressure.
These human weaknesses can become your
survival advantages. You can exploit
predictable behavior patterns, confuse
operators with decoys or unexpected
movements, force them into situations
where human judgment becomes a
liability. But artificial intelligence
operates by different rules. An AI can
process visual data in micros
secondsonds. They don't experience
fatigue, fear, or moral conflict.
Executing mission parameters with
mathematical precision. If you are
designated as a target, it will pursue
you with unwavering focus.
[Music]